To put it frankly, James has appalling behaviour in lessons. Active measures need to be taken to improve this.
To be direct, James' behaviour is considered inadequate. Better discipline and diligence is necessary.
James mostly behaves well, but better diligence wouldn't go amiss.
It is a pleasure having James in lessons. HE behaves well most of the time and only on rare occasions do I have any concerns.
It is not an exaggeration to say that James has impeccable behaviour. James is a role model to be followed by others.
Unfortunately, James appears to be unwilling to engage with lessons actively. It would be beneficial for James to raise his hand and answer questions.
It is a shame that James rarely takes the initiative to participate in class. It would be great if James could make more of an active effort to ask and answer questions during lessons.
Class participation is a key part of learning. Although James makes some attempts to engage with class discussions, an increase in frequency of these attempts would add significant value.
James is very participative and involved in class discussions. This is great for learning and James is encouraged to continue engaging with lessons in this manner if not more.
It is a delight to have James' contributions in lessons. James always contributes positively in class discussions and takes every opportunity to answer questions. This creates a healthy and stimulating learning environment for the whole class.
I can not recollect an occasion when James has been able to hand in a piece of homework or assignment on time. Change is required!
It has to be emphasised that homework has to be done. It is a shame that James regularly is unable to complete assignments set for homework.
Most of the time James has adequate homework. However, greater commitment to these tasks in quality and consistency would take him far.
Almost always, James has excellent homework. I hope that this will be continued.
The only way to describe James' approach to homework is absolutely brilliant. Do maintain this!
James has to really work on his academics. Test scores reflect minimal knowledge and this is unacceptable.
From looking at assessment results, James is not performing as well as he can. With more focused work, improvements can be made.
Test performance for James is average in the class. HE should try concentrating on weaker areas to boost performance in future assessments.
James is a very competent student and this is reflected in his assessment results. However, he should watch out for the occasional mistakes.
Assessment results indicate that James is academically outstanding! If James is finding classwork too easy HE must take the initiative to ask for extension activities. Do maintain this brilliant performance, James.
